Don't forget that gifts often come with costs that
go beyond their purchase price. When you purchase a
child the latest smartphone, you're also committing
to a monthly phone bill. When you purchase the latest
gaming system, you're likely not going to be satisfied

With the games that come with it for long and want to
purchase new titles to play. When you buy gifts it's
important to remember that some come with additional
costs down the road that can be much more expensive
than the initial gift itself.

I haven't bailed on writing. Look, I'm generating a
random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to
get my writing back on track. I am making an effort.
I will start writing consistently again!

Then came the night of the first falling star. It
was seen early in the morning, rushing over
Winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the
atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and taken it
for an ordinary falling star. It seemed that it fell
to earth about one hundred miles east of him.

During the first part of your life, you only become
aware of happiness once you have lost it. Then an age
comes, a second one, in which you already know, at
the moment when you begin to experience true happiness,
that you are, at the end of the day, going to lose it.

Out of another, I get a lovely view of the bay and
a little private wharf belonging to the estate. There
is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there
from the house. I always fancy I see people walking
in these numerous paths and arbors, but John has
cautioned me

Not to give way to fancy in the least. He says that
with my imaginative power and habit of story-making
a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all
manner of excited fancies and that I ought to use my
will and good sense to check the tendency. So I try.

There wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not
what caught her attention. It was the clouds. The
deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came
with these. She knew what was coming and she hoped
she was prepared.

She asked the question even though she didn't
really want to hear the answer. It was a no-win
situation since she already knew. If he told the
truth, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears.
If he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she
thought he was which would be almost as bad.

It was a weird concept. Why would I really need
to generate a random paragraph? Could I actually
learn something from doing so? All these
questions were running through her head as she
pressed the generate button. To her surprise,
she found what she least expected to see.

Here's the thing. She doesn't have anything to
prove, but she is going to anyway. That's just
her character. She knows she doesn't have to,
but she still will just to show you that she can.
Doubt her more and she'll prove she can again.
We all already know this and you will too.

I recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-
shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees
that shades one side of the valley. I had wandered
into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly
quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun.

Your only chance of survival, if you are sincerely
smitten, lies in hiding this fact from the woman you
love, of feigning a casual detachment under all
circumstances. What sadness there is in this simple
observation! What an accusation against man!

Christ, he thinks, by my age I ought to know.
You don’t get on by being original. You don’t
get on by being bright. You don’t get on by being
strong. You get on by being a subtle crook; somehow
he thinks that’s what Norris is, and he feels an
irrational dislike taking root, and he tries to dismiss it.

For although a man is judged by his actions, by
what he has said and done, a man judges himself
by what he is willing to do, by what he might have
said, or might have done – a judgment that is necessarily
hampered, but only by the scope and limits of his imagination.

Terry didn't consider himself particularly unusual. Sure,
he spent his teenage years as a willing and sometimes
absurdly cheerful social outcast, upon adulthood immediately
transitioned to playing side-kick to a magic-savvy private
investigator, accidentally became the confidant of an
apparently ageless time-traveler.

Silence should be safe. Silence should tell him, even in
the dark, that nothing approached him, that nothing nearby
could hurt him. Nonetheless, he began to long for noise,
especially for the noise of straight-forward confrontation.
To fight an enemy directly would be a blessing compared to
stumbling blind, searching for the voiceless, incoporeal
monstrosity the already nearly destroyed him twice.

The color of animals is by no means a matter of chance;
it depends on many considerations, but in the majority of
cases tends to protect the animal from danger by rendering
it less conspicuous. Perhaps it may be said that if coloring
is mainly protective, there ought to be but few brightly colored animals.

In my father’s house, the day I came of age to join the older
girls who walked in the meadow among the young men, my mother
told me a story her mother told her, that her mother heard from
her mother, who heard it from hers, the changeless tale told by
all mothers that tomorrow I must tell my own daughter.






